## Unhoarding

A few months ago on Cedar Creek Trail Books, I stepped down from a paid account on eBay to a free account. It was useful for a while. I had a lot of extra, low value books that I had acquired in boxes at auctions that higher value books that I wanted. The pro account allowed 1000 books to be posted, and the eBay fees were lower. It was a good deal when I had 500 or 600 or 700 things to sell. 

But it was still ~$25 per month. It paid for itself in number of extra sales, which leads to more feedback scores and a more trustworthy rating, but it wasn't worth it on value of sales. (I dropped selling on Amazon outright for that reason as well.)

The posting limit for a free account is 250 items, so about 200 books had to go. There was some initial hesitation or friction or what have you to culling them. Useless energy to worry about it. I identified which ones needed to go in the master inventory spreadsheet. But left the books in their storage boxes in the basement. Then I took some of the books out and put them in boxes for Goodwill. But left those boxes on the basement floor. No momentum. No will. An unusual resistance to keeping them, these books that no one else had wanted to buy and I didn't want to read or keep. 

Tonight I finally… finished pulling the culled books out of storage and into the final set of Goodwill boxes. That gave me space in the storage boxes to consolidate the contents of those boxes and empty three of them. (Which will be filled with something soon enough, I'm sure.) 

I don't understand the feeling of wanting to keep things--the truly, undoubtedly useless things. What is the draw? How bad is that feeling for capital-H Hoarders? Or how good does that feeling feel, even if the outcome is bad? Does someone even know when they themselves get that far?

It also feels good to finally get rid of those extra books--some kind of low level stress release. There's more yet to be released when the momentum builds back up again. 
