Going back to a fully HTML website has been fun ("fun"). No focus on style, nothing but words and tags and occasional photos. A DIY site from the 1900s. That was the aim. Add friction. Reduce reliance on other people's tools and software. Embrace less, especially in the current age of AI. Artificial Indulgence. 

Although friction is good for some things (ruffles notes), too much friction grinds movement to a halt. I only need a few HTML tags, but it takes a bunch of copy/pasting to make a story, a link to the story, an entry to the RSS feed, and that leaves out any previous/next links on stories that should be there to give some flow from one to the next. It's not hard, but it's irritating.

In the background I've been starting to make a little tool in Python to elide some of that repetitiveness, but still keep it handmade: /[sitemanager](https://github.com/kittell/kirkkittell.com/tree/main/sitemanager). Write the story into a markdown file, then hit it with a script to change it to HTML, and put those HTML parts wherever else they need to go in the site. Fake what used to be database queries into a PHP page by doing the dynamic bits locally, then save it all statically. It's nothing new, but it keeps my brain and hands busy.

I'll never be a proper software engineer--that is not the aim--but it is fun to dip in and try to create things with software. If I miss the AI hype train at this station, it's not that I don't want to get on, it's that I'm not interested in using it for everything. It's like making something at my workbench or in the lab. Sometimes the fun isn't in having the finished product, but in doing the work. Sometimes it's the other way, but more often than I'd admit, it's the work, the motion, the process of moving from start to finish that is the point. I've still got an eye on the destination, but the getting there has its own charm.

I have no idea when this will actually post. I've got the parts of the software done that converts markdown to HTML, but nothing that finishes making the whole HTML file. So. Greetings from The Past.